{
  "id": "99",
  "name": "Add Firewall Rules",
  "description": "<p>A firewall is a network security device that monitors incoming and outgoing network traffic and permits or blocks data packets based on a set of security rules. Its purpose is to establish a barrier between your internal network and incoming traffic from external sources (such as the internet) in order to block malicious traffic like viruses and hackers.</p><p /><div>Firewalls are designed to be an organization’s first line of defense against cyber attacks. By limiting the traffic that crosses the network boundary to only authorized traffic, a firewall protects many potentially exploitable internal programs from danger.</div><div><br /></div><div>Without a firewall, there is no clear boundary between “inside” and “outside” your network. The filtering provided by a firewall solution ensures that anyone inside your network can easily access external services but prevents external computers from initiating connections to internal computers – unless they meet specific access requirements.</div><div>Firewalls are the first line of a network’s cyber defense. This significantly decreases the threat surface of the network by blocking numerous ways in which a hacker can infiltrate the network. </div><div><br /></div><div>Once a firewall is selected and configured, monitoring is essential. Continuous monitoring services are designed to help detect and respond to any potential cybersecurity threats that live in your network.</div><div><br /></div><div>If your organization stores, processes, or transmits customer personal data or performs other functions protected by data protection laws and regulations, implementing a basic cybersecurity solution is a common requirement for maintaining compliance. Failing to implement and properly configure a firewall is commonly considered a failure to meet the minimum cybersecurity and may result in your organization being fined or facing legal action.</div><div><br /></div><div><b>Add firewall rules to prevent web servers making new connections to external web sites and internal systems. </b>For high value systems, isolate the web server in its own VLAN or private subnet</div><div><br /></div><div>A firewall rule can be applied to traffic from the Internet to your computer (inbound), or from your computer to the Internet (outbound). A rule can also be applied to both directions at the same time.</div><div><br /></div><div>A firewall rule consists of firewall services , which specify the type of traffic and the ports that this type of traffic uses. For example, a rule called Web browsing has a service called HTTP, which uses the TCP and port number 80.</div><div><br /></div><div>Firewall rules also define whether firewall alert pop-ups are shown to you about the traffic that matches the firewall rules .</div><div>When do you have to add a new firewall rule </div><div>You may have to add a new firewall rule if you start using a new program or attach a new device to your computer, for example, a WLAN device or an IP camera.</div><div><br /></div><div>By adding all the services that the program or device needs to the same rule, you can easily:</div><ul><li>Turn the rule on or off later, or</li><li>Remove the rule if you uninstall the program or remove the device.</li></ul><div><br /></div><div>EXAMPLE: Snort rules </div><div>RULE OPTIONS Rule options form the heart of Snort’s intrusion detection engine combining ease of use with power and flexibility. All Snort rule options are separated from each other using a semicolon (;). Rule option keywords are separated from their arguments with a colon (:).</div><div>Rule Header alert tcp $EXTERNAL_NET $HTTP_PORTS -&gt; $HOME_NET any</div><div><br /></div><div><b>Reference:</b></div><div><a href=\"https://www.forcepoint.com/cyber-edu/firewall\" target=\"_blank\">https://www.forcepoint.com/cyber-edu/firewall</a></div><div><a href=\"https://cyberdefenses.com/what-is-a-firewall-and-why-do-you-need-one/\" target=\"_blank\">https://cyberdefenses.com/what-is-a-firewall-and-why-do-you-need-one/</a></div><div><a href=\"https://help.f-secure.com/product.html?business/client-security/13.00/en/concept_F980D184D74D4FF0A79562231548178C-13.00-en\" target=\"_blank\">https://help.f-secure.com/product.html?business/client-security/13.00/en/concept_F980D184D74D4FF0A79562231548178C-13.00-en</a></div><p />",
  "labels": "ThreatModeler,AppSec and InfraSec,Firewall,TM-605",
  "libraryId": "1",
  "isHidden": false,
  "guid": "f6e32c69-bd53-4cc9-a5ea-1b4e7030d380",
  "riskId": 2,
  "isCompensatingControl": false,
  "riskName": "High",
  "isReadOnlyLibraryEntity": false,
  "lastUpdated": "2021-08-16T19:19:51.327",
  "libraryGuid": "eef7dcf9-53bd-48e9-849d-21445ebad101"
}