{
  "id": "129",
  "name": "Defense in Depth",
  "description": "<p>Defense in Depth (DiD) is an approach to cybersecurity in which a series of defensive mechanisms are layered in order to protect valuable data and information. If one mechanism fails, another steps up immediately to thwart an attack. This multi-layered approach with intentional redundancies increases the security of a system as a whole and addresses many different attack vectors. Defense in Depth is commonly referred to as the &quot;castle approach&quot; because it mirrors the layered defenses of a medieval castle. Before you can penetrate a castle you are faced with the moat, ramparts, draw-bridge, towers, battlements and so on.</p><p>The digital world has revolutionized how we live, work and play. However, it's a digital world that is constantly open to attack, and because there are so many potential attackers, we need to ensure we have the right security in place to prevent systems and networks being compromised. Unfortunately, there is no single method that can successfully protect against every single type of attack. This is where a defense in depth architecture comes into play.</p><p><br /></p><p><b>Implementation:</b></p><p>To make sure your organization has a comprehensive defense-in-depth approach, review your current security measures and evaluate their effectiveness. Consider your organization’s:</p><ul><li>Network security such as VoIP protection, proxy content filters, remote access and wireless security.</li><li>Endpoint security, which secures devices accessing an organization’s network remotely or wirelessly, including device firewalls, patch management, content security, antivirus, antispyware and host intrusion prevention systems.</li><li>Application security, including user activity monitoring, dynamic app testing, encryption, application firewalls, database monitoring and runtime application self-protection technology</li><li>Administrative security controls, such as policies and procedures for increased data protection.</li><li>Physical security like keycards, access codes on locked doors and workstation locks.</li><li>Perimeter security, which may include anti-virus and anti-malware programs, DLP solutions, perimeter firewalls, border routers and other boundaries between the public and private sides of a network.</li></ul><p>It’s critical to establish customer and employee trust, maintain compliance and secure your mission-critical data through a defense-in-depth approach to cloud security. The best practices listed above will help you layer multiple strata of technology and security to protect your mission-critical assets. Always utilize defense in depth, do not rely on a single security mechanism like SSL.</p><p><br /></p><p><b>Reference:</b></p><p><a href=\"https://www.forcepoint.com/cyber-edu/defense-depth\" target=\"_blank\">https://www.forcepoint.com/cyber-edu/defense-depth</a></p><p><a href=\"https://www.globalbankingandfinance.com/how-to-implement-defense-in-depth-security/\" target=\"_blank\">https://www.globalbankingandfinance.com/how-to-implement-defense-in-depth-security/</a></p>",
  "labels": "ThreatModeler,AppSec and InfraSec,Web Application,Web Service,App,Native Application,Thick Client,TM-336",
  "libraryId": "1",
  "isHidden": false,
  "guid": "853b99b6-ffc6-4df5-a9e7-0d785e02d3e9",
  "riskId": 2,
  "isCompensatingControl": false,
  "riskName": "High",
  "isReadOnlyLibraryEntity": false,
  "lastUpdated": "2021-09-29T15:34:56.633",
  "libraryGuid": "eef7dcf9-53bd-48e9-849d-21445ebad101"
}