{
  "id": "89",
  "name": "Email Filtering",
  "description": "<p>Implement email filtering solutions on mail server or on MTA, relay server. Emails are the most common vector of cyberattacks. In a typical scenario of a successful attack, as an example, an employee of a company receives a phishing email and opens it. The link or the attachment the user opened consists of malware that spreads like a virus in the system. Not only does it extract all the data from inside the hard drive, but it also gives the attacker the ability to operate the server of the host. This event means that the attacker can track every email that any user from the organization sends, thus exposing the entire company to the threat of leakage of highly confidential data. The hackers may also carry out more phishing in the name of the organization, appearing as a trustworthy source and maximizing their chance for more success.</p><p><div>Any data leakage can result in a sequence of disasters, not just for one organization, but for many others with whom it has a dealing, too. Such leakage of business and client information includes financial details, company policies, future budget, and profit plans, etc. This security failure can amount to a massive loss of finances as well as the organization’s future aspects as a whole. When an organization suffers from these attacks, so do the employees, clients, related businesses, as well as shareholders.</div><div>Most of the popular email platforms have basic filtering capabilities, but these are often not enough countermeasures against the ever-evolving and sophisticated hackers. Thus arises the need for dedicated email spam filtering services.</div><div><br /></div><div>Enterprises require email filtering solutions to safeguard against external threats. Given below are the top-rated email filtering tools:</div><div>SpamTitan</div><div>SpamTitan proactively blocks most of the spam, virus, and other threats that try to enter the system.</div><div>Features:</div><div>• It protects the business from spam emails in real-time.</div><div>• It detects and blocks unwanted messages containing virus and malware that infect the system.</div><div>• It scans all the outbound emails coming to the corporate network.</div><div> </div><div>MailCleaner</div><div>MailCleaner provides professional anti-spam and server threat protection against viruses, malware, phishing, and many more to organizations.</div><div>Features:</div><div>• It automatically filters all the valid emails.</div><div>• It combines artificial intelligence algorithms and continuously identifies the changing techniques of the spammers.</div><div>• It has an easy user interface that can help to manage the emails properly.</div><div> </div><div>Email Security.cloud</div><div>Email Security.cloud is Symantec’s email filtering tool that protects against the threat and provides anti-spam to safeguard the emails from phishing, ransomware, and other types of attacks.</div><div>Features:</div><div>• It automatically filters email threats like malware, viruses, and other online threats that try to enter the system.</div><div>• Unwanted emails are sent to quarantine, where it can be sorted to repair or remove them.</div><div>• It runs in the background and doesn’t pop up continuously when the threat is detected and also helps in the solutions.</div><div><br /></div><div><b>Reference:</b></div><div><br /></div><div><a href=\"https://www.duocircle.com/content/email-filtering-service\" target=\"_blank\">https://www.duocircle.com/content/email-filtering-service</a></div><div><a href=\"https://www.duocircle.com/content/email-filtering-service/email-filtering-tools\" target=\"_blank\">https://www.duocircle.com/content/email-filtering-service/email-filtering-tools</a></div><div><br /></div></p>",
  "labels": "ThreatModeler,AppSec and InfraSec,Email,Email Server,TM-52",
  "libraryId": "1",
  "isHidden": false,
  "guid": "15e33ad7-7074-4433-a23c-64a8b9aadf65",
  "riskId": 2,
  "isCompensatingControl": false,
  "riskName": "High",
  "isReadOnlyLibraryEntity": false,
  "lastUpdated": "2021-08-09T16:10:21.083",
  "libraryGuid": "eef7dcf9-53bd-48e9-849d-21445ebad101"
}