{
  "id": "38",
  "name": "Encryption: Ensure that the cryptographic protection remains secure even if access controls fail",
  "description": "<p>Storage encryption adds extra layer of security even if the ACLs break off. Storage encryption involves encrypting data while it passes to storage devices, such as individual hard disks, tape drives, or the libraries and arrays that contain them. Using storage level encryption along with database and file encryption goes a long way toward offsetting the risk of losing your data. Like network encryption, storage encryption is a relatively blunt instrument, typically protecting all the data on each tape or disk regardless of the type or sensitivity of the data.\n</p><p>Although using storage encryption is a good way to ensure your data is safe by default in case it is lost, adopting a more granular approach and encrypting at the level of individual files, volumes, or columns in a database may be necessary, particularly if data is shared with other users or is subject to specific audit requirements. </p><p><b>Implement - Defence in Depth \n</b></p><p>A layered approach to security can be applied to all levels of IT systems. From the lone laptop accessing the internet from the coffee shop to the fifty thousand user enterprise WAN, Defense in Depth can significantly improve your security profile.\n</p><p>\nNo organization can be ever be fully protected by a single layer of security. Where one door may be closed, others will be left wide open, and hackers will find these vulnerabilities very quickly. However, when you use a series of different defenses together, such as firewalls, malware scanners, intrusion detection systems, data encryption and integrity auditing solutions, you effectively close the gaps that are created by relying on a singular security solution. </p><p>\nThis rule supports the principle of defense in depth. Access controls (usernames, passwords, privileges, etc.) are one layer of protection. Storage encryption should add an additional layer of protection that will continue protecting the data even if an attacker subverts the database access control layer. </p><p><b>How Storage Encryption works:</b></p><ul><li>\nStorage Encryption occurs at the firmware level of disks that are equipped with special firmware and hardware to provide the additional security, also known as self-encrypting disks (SEDs). SEDs can operate either in unprotected mode like regular disks, or in protected mode requiring authentication after the power-on process. </li><li>SEDs always encrypt data for storage. In unprotected mode, the encryption key needed to decrypt and access the data is freely available. In protected mode, the encryption key is protected and requires authentication to be used.\n</li><li>When you first enable and configure Storage Encryption on a storage system using SEDs, you create an authentication key that the storage system uses to authenticate itself to the SEDs. You configure the storage system with the IP address to one or more external key management servers that securely stores the authentication key.\n</li><li>The storage system communicates with the key management servers at boot time to retrieve the authentication keys. Data ONTAP requires the authentication keys to authenticate itself to the SEDs any time after the SEDs are power-cycled.\n</li><li>If the authentication is successful, the SEDs are unlocked. The SEDs use the authentication key to decrypt the data encryption keys stored inside the disk. When presented with a read request, SEDs automatically decrypt the stored data before passing it on to the storage system. When presented with a write request from the storage system, SEDs automatically encrypt the data before writing the data to the disk's storage platters. When the SEDs are locked, Data ONTAP must successfully authenticate itself to the disk before the SEDs allow data to be read or written. When locked, SEDs require authentication each time the disk is powered on.\n</li><li>Encryption and decryption happens without a perceptible disk performance decrease or boot time increase. Storage Encryption does not require a separate license key. The only additional required component is an external key management server. \n</li><li>When you halt and power down the storage system, including the disk shelves containing SEDs, the disks are locked again and the data becomes inaccessible. </li></ul><p>Resources:</p><p><a target=\"_blank\" href=\"https://library.netapp.com/ecmdocs/ECMP1196986/html/GUID-1336E9A5-2ADC-4EB4-95D9-5328DB9A4E56.html\">https://library.netapp.com/ecmdocs/ECMP1196986/html/GUID-1336E9A5-2ADC-4EB4-95D9-5328DB9A4E56.html</a></p><p><a target=\"_blank\" href=\"https://cheatsheetseries.owasp.org/cheatsheets/Cryptographic_Storage_Cheat_Sheet.html\">https://cheatsheetseries.owasp.org/cheatsheets/Cryptographic_Storage_Cheat_Sheet.html</a></p><p><a target=\"_blank\" href=\"https://www.forcepoint.com/cyber-edu/defense-depth#:~:text=Defense%20in%20Depth%20(DiD)%20is,immediately%20to%20thwart%20an%20attack\">https://www.forcepoint.com/cyber-edu/defense-depth#:~:text=Defense%20in%20Depth%20(DiD)%20is,immediately%20to%20thwart%20an%20attack</a></p><p><br /></p>",
  "labels": "ThreatModeler,AppSec and InfraSec,Authorization,TM-205",
  "libraryId": "1",
  "isHidden": false,
  "guid": "533a0554-2a98-434c-9ef0-718daa92e31d",
  "riskId": 1,
  "isCompensatingControl": false,
  "riskName": "Very High",
  "isReadOnlyLibraryEntity": false,
  "lastUpdated": "2020-10-01T14:22:34.017",
  "libraryGuid": "eef7dcf9-53bd-48e9-849d-21445ebad101"
}