{
  "id": "83",
  "name": "Generic Error Pages",
  "description": "<p>Use of custom error pages - Attackers can glean information about the nature of queries from descriptive error messages. Input validation must be coupled with customized error pages that inform about an error without disclosing information about the database or application.</p><p>Improper handling of errors can introduce a variety of security problems for a web site. The most common problem is when detailed internal error messages such as stack traces, database dumps, and error codes are displayed to the user (hacker). These messages reveal implementation details that should never be revealed. Such details can provide hackers important clues on potential flaws in the site and such messages are also disturbing to normal users.</p><p>Web applications frequently generate error conditions during normal operation. Out of memory, null pointer exceptions, system call failure, database unavailable, network timeout, and hundreds of other common conditions can cause errors to be generated. These errors must be handled according to a well thought out scheme that will provide a meaningful error message to the user, diagnostic information to the site maintainers, and no useful information to an attacker.</p><p>Even when error messages don’t provide a lot of detail, inconsistencies in such messages can still reveal important clues on how a site works, and what information is present under the covers. For example, when a user tries to access a file that does not exist, the error message typically indicates, “file not found”. When accessing a file that the user is not authorized for, it indicates, “access denied”. The user is not supposed to know the file even exists, but such inconsistencies will readily reveal the presence or absence of inaccessible files or the site’s directory structure.</p><p>A specific policy for how to handle errors should be documented, including the types of errors to be handled and for each, what information is going to be reported back to the user, and what information is going to be logged. All developers need to understand the policy and ensure that their code follows it.</p><p><br /></p><p><b>Implementation:</b></p><p>Ensure that the site is built to gracefully handle all possible errors. When errors occur, the site should respond with a specifically designed result that is helpful to the user without revealing unnecessary internal details. Certain classes of errors should be logged to help detect implementation flaws in the site and/or hacking attempts. Very few sites have any intrusion detection capabilities in their web application, but it is certainly conceivable that a web application could track repeated failed attempts and generate alerts. Note that the vast majority of web application attacks are never detected because so few sites have the capability to detect them. Therefore, the prevalence of web application security attacks is likely to be seriously underestimated.</p><p>The OWASP Filters project is producing reusable components in several languages to help prevent error codes leaking into user’s web pages by filtering pages when they are constructed dynamically by the application.</p><p><br /></p><p><b>Reference:</b></p><p><a target=\"_blank\" href=\"https://owasp.org/www-community/Improper_Error_Handling\">https://owasp.org/www-community/Improper_Error_Handling</a></p>",
  "labels": "ThreatModeler,AppSec and InfraSec,Web Application,Web Service,App,Native Application,Thick Client,TM-335,Third Party Web Service,Registration",
  "libraryId": "1",
  "isHidden": false,
  "guid": "85390641-b5e9-4e53-9447-dd86bd9219f2",
  "riskId": 4,
  "isCompensatingControl": false,
  "riskName": "Low",
  "isReadOnlyLibraryEntity": false,
  "lastUpdated": "2021-12-15T15:56:33.743",
  "libraryGuid": "eef7dcf9-53bd-48e9-849d-21445ebad101"
}