{
  "id": "84",
  "name": "Information Hiding",
  "description": "<p>Security by Obscurity is not a solution to preventing SQL Injection. Rather than suppress error messages and the application must handle them gracefully, returning either a custom error page or redirecting the user to a default page, without revealing any information about the database or the application internals.</p><p>The use of information hiding techniques, often generically referred to as steganography, to commit cyber-attacks or crimes has received relatively little attention in the academic literature or the media. When mentioned, steganography is typically discussed only in the context of covert communication between extremist individuals or groups. Even then, some argue that there is little or no evidence that steganography is in use. While large-scale surveys found no conclusive traces of the use of data hiding, some authors warn against concluding that it is not in use . Only recently there have been some signs that things are starting to change. Reports from McAfee  and Kaspersky  recognized the role that information hiding has in current malicious software and that it is highly likely to gain additional importance in the future. Furthermore, because of the sensitivity of the subject in many cases organizations are reluctant to report the detected use of steganography to the public.</p><p>Historically, cryptography has been a more widely discussed topic, especially for law enforcement purposes. While in the past the mere existence of encrypted communications and data may have raised suspicions, today it is a frequent scenario. For example, malware using encrypted communications for Command and Control (C&amp;C) purposes might previously have stood out from regular network traffic, but now it is effectively hidden within the “background noise” of routinely encrypted data exchanged in the network. Nevertheless, encrypted communications can be detected relatively easily and ancillary techniques, such as traffic analysis or metadata recovery, enable at least some intelligence to be derived from encrypted data and communications. Besides, the recovered metadata, e.g., who is communicating with whom, when and for how long, can be as important as, or even more important, than knowing the actual content.</p><p><br /></p><p>In CES (Compress-Encrypt-Stego) technique, the data is preprocessed before hiding inside the image. In the first step, it is compressed so as to reduce the size of data and subsequently reducing the amount of text to be hidden behind the image. Afterward, the compressed text is modified with the help of a key. In the steganography phase, the cover image is first separated into RGB components and these components are transformed separately to frequency domain using Discrete Cosine Transform (DCT). The modified text is then hidden behind the 8ith DCT coefficient of every row where i=1, 2, 3,….., n18 (n is the number of columns). The data is hidden only in the DCT coefficients of the blue component as it is least observable to human eye resulting in the least distortion of carrier image and higher quality of stego image.</p><p>It can be implemented by the following algorithms</p><p>A. Embedding Algorithm</p><p>B. Extracting Algorithm</p><p><br /></p><p><b>Reference:</b></p><p><a target=\"_blank\" href=\"https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/6707622\">https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/6707622</a></p><p><a target=\"_blank\" href=\"https://www.hindawi.com/journals/scn/2018/5325040/\">https://www.hindawi.com/journals/scn/2018/5325040/</a></p>",
  "labels": "ThreatModeler,AppSec and InfraSec,Functions,TM-132",
  "libraryId": "1",
  "isHidden": false,
  "guid": "33998f5e-33fa-4a15-8231-e85c196098ca",
  "riskId": 2,
  "isCompensatingControl": false,
  "riskName": "High",
  "isReadOnlyLibraryEntity": false,
  "lastUpdated": "2021-08-09T14:40:31.957",
  "libraryGuid": "eef7dcf9-53bd-48e9-849d-21445ebad101"
}