{
  "id": "23",
  "name": "Input Validation with Validation Application Block EntLib 5.0",
  "description": "<p>Validation Application Block should be used if you want to encapsulate validation good practice into easily maintainable code that you can reuse. Encapsulation also allows you to separate the application code from the validation logic. In some situations, you may be able to update the validation logic without redeploying the application.\r</p><p>\rIn addition, consider using the block when your validation code must work across multiple layers of the application's architecture. By defining rules in the configuration for each segment, you can reuse the same rule sets in multiple locations within your code. </p><p>\rValidation has many applications. For example, you can use it to prevent the injection of malicious data by checking to see if a string is too long or if it contains illegal characters. You can also use validation to enforce business rules and to provide responses to user input. It is often important to validate data several times within the same application. </p><p>For example, you may need to validate data at the UI layer to give immediate feedback when a user enters an invalid data value, and again at the service interface layer for security. The Validation Application Block is designed to address the most common tasks developers face when they must validate input either from a user or another system. </p><p><b>\rDifferent scenarios to use the Validation Application Block: </b></p><ul><li>Validating Objects\r</li><li>Creating Validators Programmatically\r</li><li>Using Validation Block Attributes\r</li><li>Using Data Annotation Attributes\r</li><li>Defining Attributes in Metadata Classes\r</li><li>Using Self Validation\r</li><li>Integrating with ASP.NET, WPF, Windows Forms, and WCF. This scenario includes information about integrating the Validation Application Block into ASP.NET, Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF), Windows Forms, and Windows </li></ul><p>Communication Foundation (WCF) applications. Note that the block cannot be used in XML browser applications (XBAP) due to issues with the partial trust environment that XBAP mandates.\r</p><p><b>Procedure for using a Validation Application Block\r:</b></p><ul><li>Create your business objects\r</li><li>Decorate them with validation rules\r</li><li>Validate your data where required\r</li><li>Process or display validation results\r</li></ul><p>\rPlease follow the link below for Configuring Validation Application Block: </p><p><a href=\"https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/UploadFile/84c85b/validation-application-block-enterprise-library-5-0/\" target=\"_blank\">https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/UploadFile/84c85b/validation-application-block-enterprise-library-5-0/</a><a href=\"https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/UploadFile/84c85b/validation-application-block-enterprise-library-5-0/\" target=\"_blank\"></a></p><p><b>Resource:</b></p><p><a href=\"https://documentation.help/MS-Enterprise-Library-5.0/EntLib50_1294c424-60c1-45fa-b653-fcc78e26e86d.html\" target=\"_blank\">https://documentation.help/MS-Enterprise-Library-5.0/EntLib50_1294c424-60c1-45fa-b653-fcc78e26e86d.html</a><b></b></p><p><b><br /></b></p><p><br /></p><p><br /></p>",
  "labels": "ThreatModeler,AppSec and InfraSec,Software,TM-459",
  "libraryId": "1",
  "isHidden": false,
  "guid": "b8b2bd55-56cc-4360-9858-83231c69cb1e",
  "riskId": 2,
  "isCompensatingControl": false,
  "riskName": "High",
  "isReadOnlyLibraryEntity": false,
  "lastUpdated": "2020-09-22T18:35:58.577",
  "libraryGuid": "eef7dcf9-53bd-48e9-849d-21445ebad101"
}