{
  "id": "81",
  "name": "Input Validation for database querying",
  "description": "<p>White list validation is appropriate for all input fields provided by the user. White list validation involves defining exactly what IS authorized, and by definition, everything else is not authorized.\n\nDeveloping regular expressions can be complicated and there are lots of resources on the internet about how to write regular expressions, including: http://www.regular-expressions.info/.\n\nIt is strongly recommended that you use ESAPI to assist with your input validation needs, rather than writing your own validation routines. The OWASP Enterprise Security API (ESAPI) project has predefined validators defined in the org.owasp.esapi.</p><p>Validator interface and implemented in the DefaultValidator reference implementation. These include:\n- getValidDate()\n- getValidSafeHTML()\n- getValidInput()\n- getValidNumber()\n- getValidFileName()\n- getValidRedirectLocation()\n\n\nESAPI Example:\n\nExample validating the parameter “zip” with generic ESAPI input validator.\n\npublic void doPost( HttpServletRequest request, HttpServletResponse response) {\ntry {\nString zipCode = Validator.getValidInput(&quot;ChangeAddressPage_ZipCodeField&quot;,\nrequest.getParameter( &quot;zip&quot; ), &quot;zipCodePattern&quot;, 10, false));\n.. do what you want with validated ‘zipCode’ param here ..\n} catch( ValidationException e ) {\nresponse.sendError( response.SC_BAD_REQUEST, e.getMessage() );\n}\n}\n\n// zipCodePattern is the name of a property defined in ESAPI.properties, and its value\n// is the regular expression: &quot;^\\d{5}(-\\d{4})?$&quot;\n//</p><p><br /></p><p>Data Validation is also a key in databases created through Microsoft Access.  Data validation can be implemented during the design process of a database by setting data requirements for the user input to avoid errors.  There are several different ways to validate data through Microsoft Access, some of which include:</p><p>1. Validation Rule Property: This property allows the database designer to set a validation rule so that data inputted into the database must follow a certain rule. </p><p>Example: Student titles such as Freshman, Sophomore, Junior, and Senior must be entered as ‘Freshman’, ‘Sophomore’, ‘Junior’, or ‘Senior ’. The database designer can also implement a validation rule text that displays a message stating the above rule if entered incorrectly. </p><p>2. Data Types: You can restrict data types that are entered into an Access database by setting a certain required data type. </p><p>Example: If a data type is set to be ‘numeric’, then all other types, such as a character(s) will be denied with an error. By setting an input mask in a field in Microsoft Access, it controls the way data can be entered. Example: Input masks can specify that social security numbers be entered in the form of ‘AAA&quot;-&quot;AA&quot;-&quot;AAAA’. By using this setting the user’s input automatically formats to the specified form. </p><p>3. Required Property: Using the required property is an easy way to avoid null values in unwanted areas. If the required property is set for a certain field but the user attempts to leave it blank, they will be prompted with an error message, requiring data to be entered before going any further.</p><p><br /></p><p><b>Reference:</b></p><p><a target=\"_blank\" href=\"https://databasemanagement.fandom.com/wiki/Data_Validation\">https://databasemanagement.fandom.com/wiki/Data_Validation</a></p>",
  "labels": "ThreatModeler,AppSec and InfraSec,Forms,Search,Save,Registration,Login,TM-125,Profile",
  "libraryId": "1",
  "isHidden": false,
  "guid": "306cab7e-68e2-45d1-ba99-61918b297a6f",
  "riskId": 2,
  "isCompensatingControl": false,
  "riskName": "High",
  "isReadOnlyLibraryEntity": false,
  "lastUpdated": "2021-11-16T20:03:22.407",
  "libraryGuid": "eef7dcf9-53bd-48e9-849d-21445ebad101"
}