{
  "id": "45",
  "name": "Key Management: Build support for changing keys periodically",
  "description": "To build support for the changing keys they have to follow few steps like key creation, key use and roll over, key destruction, key revocation and back up (escrow).  \r<div>\r</div><div>Proper Key Management must account for Key rotation, expiration, and revocation.  This is best accomplished with a well reviewed process and criteria,  supported by a Key Management tool. \r</div><div><br /></div><div><b>Implementation Steps:</b></div><div>\r</div><div><b>Key Creation (Generation &amp; Pre-Activation)\r</b></div><div>The encryption key is created and stored on the key management server. The key manager creates the encryption key through the use of a cryptographically secure random bit generator and stores the key, along with all it’s attributes, into the key storage database. The attributes stored with the key include its name, activation date, size, instance, the ability for the key to be deleted, as well as its rollover, mirroring, key access, and other attributes. </div><div><br /></div><div>The key can be activated upon its creation or set to be activated automatically or manually at a later time. The encryption key manager should track current and past instances (or versions) of the encryption key.  You need to be able to choose whether or not the key can be deleted, mirrored to a failover unit, and by which users or groups it can be accessed. Your key manager should allow the administrator to change many of the key’s attributes at any time.\r</div><div><br /></div><div><b>Key Use and Rollover (Activation through Post-Activation) </b></div><div>The key manager should allow an activated key to be retrieved by authorized systems and users for encryption or decryption processes. It should also seamlessly manage current and past instances of the encryption key. </div><div><br /></div><div>For example, if a new key is generated and the old one deactivated (or rolled) every year, then the key manager should retain previous versions of the key but dispense only the current instance and activate previous versions for decryption processes. Previous versions can still be retrieved in order to decrypt data encrypted with such versions of the key. The key manager will also roll the key either through a previously established schedule or allow an administrator to manually roll the key.\r</div><div><br /></div><div><b>Key Revocation\r</b></div><div>An administrator should be able to use the key manager to revoke a key so that it is no longer used for encryption and decryption requests. A revoked key can, if needed, be reactivated by an administrator so that, In certain cases the key can be used to decrypt data previously encrypted with it, like old backups. But even that can be restricted.\r</div><div><br /></div><div><b>Back Up (Escrow)\r</b></div><div>It requires that an archive should be kept for deactivated keys. The archive should “protect the archived material from unauthorized modification, deletion, and insertion.” The encryption keys need “to be recoverable … after the end of its cryptoperiod” and “the system shall be designed to allow reconstruction” of the keys should they need to be reactivated for use in decrypting the data that it once encrypted.\r</div><div><br /></div><div><b>Key Deletion (Destruction)\r</b></div><div>If a key is no longer in use or if it has somehow been compromised, an administrator can choose to delete the key entirely from the key storage database of the encryption key manager. The key manager will remove it and all its instances, or just certain instances, completely and make the recovery of that key impossible (other than through a restore from a backup image). This should be available as an option if sensitive data is compromised in its encrypted state.</div><div><br /></div><div><b>Resource:</b></div><div><a href=\"https://info.townsendsecurity.com/definitive-guide-to-encryption-key-management-fundamentals\" target=\"_blank\">https://info.townsendsecurity.com/definitive-guide-to-encryption-key-management-fundamentals</a></div><div><br /></div>",
  "labels": "ThreatModeler,AppSec and InfraSec,Key Management Server,Software,TM-470",
  "libraryId": "1",
  "isHidden": false,
  "guid": "bc330ec2-b58b-48ab-ba96-e43ad455e114",
  "riskId": 1,
  "isCompensatingControl": false,
  "riskName": "Very High",
  "isReadOnlyLibraryEntity": false,
  "lastUpdated": "2020-10-05T16:38:11.213",
  "libraryGuid": "eef7dcf9-53bd-48e9-849d-21445ebad101"
}