{
  "id": "43",
  "name": "Key Management: Protect keys in a key vault",
  "description": "Key vaults are usually used in Azure cloud. <div>Azure Key Vault enables Microsoft Azure applications and users to store and use several types of secret/key data:</div><ul><li>Cryptographic keys: Supports multiple key types and algorithms, and enables the use of Hardware Security Modules (HSM) for high value keys.</li><li>Secrets: Provides secure storage of secrets, such as passwords and database connection strings. </li><li>Certificates: Supports certificates, which are built on top of keys and secrets and add an automated renewal feature.</li><li>Azure Storage: Can manage keys of an Azure Storage account for you. Internally, Key Vault can list (sync) keys with an Azure Storage Account, and regenerate (rotate) the keys periodically.</li></ul><div>Keys should remain in a protected key vault at all times. In particular, ensure that there is a gap between the threat vectors that have direct access to the data and the threat vectors that have direct access to the keys. This implies that keys should not be stored on the application or web server (assuming that application attackers are part of the relevant threat model).</div><div><br /></div><div>Azure Key Vault is a cloud service that safeguards encryption keys and secrets like certificates, connection strings, and passwords. Because this data is sensitive and business critical, you need to secure access to your key vaults by allowing only authorized applications and users. This article provides an overview of the Key Vault access model. It explains authentication and authorization, and describes how to secure access to your key vaults.</div><div><br /></div><div>\n</div><div>\n</div><div><b>Suggestions while controlling access to your vault are as follows:\n</b></div><div><b><br /></b>1. Lock down access to your subscription, resource group and Key Vaults (RBAC) </div><div>2. Create Access policies for every vault\n</div><div>3. Use least privilege access principal to grant access\n</div><div>4. Turn on Firewall and VNET Service EndpointsWhen you create a key vault in an Azure subscription, it's automatically associated with the Azure AD tenant of the subscription. Anyone trying to manage or retrieve content from a vault must be authenticated by Azure AD.</div><div><br /></div><div>Authentication establishes the identity of the caller. Authorization determines which operations the caller can perform. Authorization in Key Vault uses a combination of Role based access control (RBAC) and Azure Key Vault access policies.</div><div><br /></div><div>Resource:</div><div><a target=\"_blank\" href=\"https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/key-vault/general/overview-security\">https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/key-vault/general/overview-security</a></div><div><br /></div>",
  "labels": "ThreatModeler,AppSec and InfraSec,Key Management Server,TM-135",
  "libraryId": "1",
  "isHidden": false,
  "guid": "33f66bb8-a901-40f9-aaeb-ff3673f0cf5e",
  "riskId": 1,
  "isCompensatingControl": false,
  "riskName": "Very High",
  "isReadOnlyLibraryEntity": false,
  "lastUpdated": "2020-10-02T01:06:12.777",
  "libraryGuid": "eef7dcf9-53bd-48e9-849d-21445ebad101"
}