{
  "id": "46",
  "name": "Key Management: Rekey data at least every one to three years",
  "description": "<p>Re-keying is the process in Key Management Protocol wherein a key distribution centre generates and distributes the cryptographic key during each membership event like member join or leave or transfer. The process of rekeying is required to preserve forward and backward secrecy, which induces computational, and communication overhead. </p><p>In highly dynamic environments like wireless sensor networks, mobile clouds and IoTs, the members move from one area to another frequently and hence, this frequent join/leave of members in an area increases the rekey overhead. When the members become more dynamic, the rate of rekeying increases and hence the overhead increase.\n</p><p>\nRekeying refers to the process of decrypting data and then re-encrypting it with a new key. Periodically rekeying data helps protect it from undetected compromises of older keys. The appropriate rekeying period depends on the security of the keys. </p><p>\nData protected by keys secured in dedicated hardware security modules might only need rekeying every three years. Data protected by keys that are split and stored on two application servers might need rekeying every year.</p><p><b>Rekeying Process:</b></p><p> “Cryptoperiods are generally made longer for stored data because the overhead of re-encryption associated with changing keys may be burdensome”. And this is where the problem starts. Because of the downtown associated with rekeying encrypted data, most organizations and standards bodies look for a way to avoid rekeying data or at least make it optional. And thus, the cryptoperiod becomes larger and larger and thus the security of the solution is weakened. Having said all this, the NIST recommendation for symmetric Data Encryption Keys (DEKs) is 2 years or less.\n</p><p>Rekeying Process: The rekeying process takes place at a later date to protect against possible exposure of the initial encryption key. In fact, rekeying operations should be performed periodically. To rekey, the HyTrust DataControl solution includes these steps: – Create a new key, at which time two keys are in play simultaneously. – As the window moves through the device, the I/O driver is reading or decrypting with the old key and encrypting or writing with the new key. – This doesn’t change the process or alter the overall time considerably, but it’s critical to carefully manage\n</p><p><b>Resources:</b></p><p><a target=\"_blank\" href=\"https://www.hytrust.com/uploads/Data_Encryption_Rekeying_WP.pdf\">https://www.hytrust.com/uploads/Data_Encryption_Rekeying_WP.pdf</a></p><p><a target=\"_blank\" href=\"https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/7508070\">https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/7508070</a></p><p><br /></p><p><br /></p>",
  "labels": "ThreatModeler,AppSec and InfraSec,Key Management Server,TM-69",
  "libraryId": "1",
  "isHidden": false,
  "guid": "1aa1d944-6efc-44e9-8ff1-b26a15292027",
  "riskId": 1,
  "isCompensatingControl": false,
  "riskName": "Very High",
  "isReadOnlyLibraryEntity": false,
  "lastUpdated": "2021-07-26T14:12:44.21",
  "libraryGuid": "eef7dcf9-53bd-48e9-849d-21445ebad101"
}