{
  "id": "96",
  "name": "Use Application Proxy Communication",
  "description": "<p>Azure Active Directory's Application Proxy provides secure remote access to on-premises web applications. After a single sign-on to Azure AD, users can access both cloud and on-premises applications through an external URL or an internal application portal. For example, Application Proxy can provide remote access and single sign-on to Remote Desktop, SharePoint, Teams, Tableau, Qlik, and line of business (LOB) applications.</p><p>Azure AD Application Proxy is:</p><p>• Simple to use. Users can access your on-premises applications the same way they access O365 and other SaaS apps integrated with Azure AD. You don't need to change or update your applications to work with Application Proxy.</p><p>• Secure. On-premises applications can use Azure's authorization controls and security analytics. For example, on-premises applications can use Conditional Access and two-step verification. Application Proxy doesn't require you to open inbound connections through your firewall.</p><p>• Cost-effective. On-premises solutions typically require you to set up and maintain demilitarized zones (DMZs), edge servers, or other complex infrastructures. Application Proxy runs in the cloud, which makes it easy to use. To use Application Proxy, you don't need to change the network infrastructure or install additional appliances in your on-premises environment.</p><p>For interactive user applications, consider if direct file system interface is necessary, instead consider having the application proxy communication.</p><p>To use Application Proxy, install a connector on each Windows server you're using with the Application Proxy service. The connector is an agent that manages the outbound connection from the on-premises application servers to Application Proxy in Azure AD. You can install a connector on servers that also have other authentication agents installed such as Azure AD Connect.<br /></p><p>To install the connector:</p><p>1. Sign in to the Azure portal as an application administrator of the directory that uses Application Proxy. For example, if the tenant domain is contoso.com, the admin should be admin@contoso.com or any other admin alias on that domain.</p><p>2. Select your username in the upper-right corner. Verify you're signed in to a directory that uses Application Proxy. If you need to change directories, select Switch directory and choose a directory that uses Application Proxy.</p><p>3. In left navigation panel, select Azure Active Directory.</p><p>4. Under Manage, select Application proxy.</p><p>5. Select Download connector service.</p><p>6. Read the Terms of Service. When you're ready, select Accept terms &amp; Download.</p><p>7. At the bottom of the window, select Run to install the connector. An install wizard opens.</p><p>8. Follow the instructions in the wizard to install the service. When you're prompted to register the connector with the Application Proxy for your Azure AD tenant, provide your application administrator credentials.</p><p>For Internet Explorer (IE), if IE Enhanced Security Configuration is set to On, you may not see the registration screen. To get access, follow the instructions in the error message. Make sure that Internet Explorer Enhanced Security Configuration is set to Off.</p><p><br /></p><p><b>Reference:</b></p><p><a href=\"https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/manage-apps/application-proxy\" target=\"_blank\">https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/manage-apps/application-proxy</a></p><p><a href=\"https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/manage-apps/application-proxy-add-on-premises-application\" target=\"_blank\">https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/manage-apps/application-proxy-add-on-premises-application</a></p>",
  "labels": "ThreatModeler,AppSec and InfraSec,Web Applicaton?,TM-511",
  "libraryId": "1",
  "isHidden": false,
  "guid": "d0c95f38-e2b4-4b2c-ba0c-4da6276bfac6",
  "riskId": 2,
  "isCompensatingControl": false,
  "riskName": "High",
  "isReadOnlyLibraryEntity": false,
  "lastUpdated": "2021-08-10T17:54:59.04",
  "libraryGuid": "eef7dcf9-53bd-48e9-849d-21445ebad101"
}