{
  "id": "25",
  "name": "Using SSL",
  "description": "<p>SSL Client Authentication, also known as two-way SSL authentication, consists of both, browser and server, sending their respective SSL certificates during the TLS handshake process. You can validate the authenticity of a server by using the certificate and asking a well-known Certificate Authority (CA) if the certificate is valid, the server can authenticate the user by receiving a certificate from the client and validating against a third party CA or its own CA.</p><p>\n<div>\n</div><div>SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) and its successor, TLS (Transport Layer Security), are protocols for establishing authenticated and encrypted links between networked computers. Although the SSL protocol was deprecated with the release of TLS 1.0 in 1999, it is still com        mon to refer to these related technologies as “SSL” or “SSL/TLS.”</div><div><br /></div><div> \n</div><div>\n</div><div>SSL/TLS is secure web browsing via the HTTPS protocol. A properly configured public HTTPS website includes an SSL/TLS certificate that is signed by a publicly trusted CA. Users visiting an HTTPS website can be assured of: \n</div><ul><li>Authenticity: The server presenting the certificate is in possession of the private key that matches the public key in the certificate. \n</li><li>Integrity: Documents signed by the certificate (e.g. web pages) have not been altered in transit by a man in the middle. \n</li><li>Encryption: Communications between the client and server are encrypted.</li></ul><div>\n</div><div>Because of these properties, SSL/TLS and HTTPS allow users to securely transmit confidential information such as credit card numbers, social security numbers, and login credentials over the internet, and be sure that the website they are sending them to is authentic. With an insecure HTTP website, these data are sent as plain text, readily available to any eavesdropper with access to the data stream.  \n</div><div><br /></div><div><b>How to obtain a SSL/TLS Certificate?</b></div><div><b>\n</b></div><div>Ready to secure your own website? The basic procedure for requesting a publicly trusted SSL/TLS website certificate is as follows:\n</div><ul><li>The person or organization requesting the certificate generates a pair of public and private keys, preferably on the server to be protected.\n</li><li>The public key, along with the domain name(s) to be protected and (for OV and EV certificates) organizational information about the company requesting the certificate, is used to generate a certificate signing request (CSR).\n</li><li>The CSR is sent to a publicly trusted CA (such as SSL.com). The CA validates the information in the CSR and generates a signed certificate that can be installed on the requester’s web server.</li></ul><p>SSL/TLS certificates vary depending on the validation methods used and the level of trust they confer, with extended validation (EV) offering the highest level of trust. For information on the differences between the major validation methods (DV, OV, and EV), please refer to our article, DV, OV, and EV certificates. <br /></p><div><br /></div><div>Resource:</div><div><a target=\"_blank\" href=\"https://www.ssl.com/faqs/faq-what-is-ssl/\">https://www.ssl.com/faqs/faq-what-is-ssl/</a></div><div><br /></div></p>",
  "labels": "ThreatModeler,AppSec and InfraSec,Web Server,Web Application,Web Service,Web Browser,TM-575",
  "libraryId": "1",
  "isHidden": false,
  "guid": "eb338d7d-83a5-47e7-ba2f-20160182e896",
  "riskId": 1,
  "isCompensatingControl": false,
  "riskName": "Very High",
  "isReadOnlyLibraryEntity": false,
  "lastUpdated": "2021-09-29T15:34:56.46",
  "libraryGuid": "eef7dcf9-53bd-48e9-849d-21445ebad101"
}